Which phones were released this year?
Show me HTC phones with screen size more than  5" 
Is Sony Xperia Mini still available?
Could you suggest some Samsung phones between the range 10K to 15K ?
What is the cheapest phone that runs Android KitKat
Are there any Android phones for less than 10K with a screen size of 4.5 inches?
What are the Android KitKat phones available for less than 15K?
Show me newly released mobile phones
Does Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini have Whatsapp?
Which HTC Desire phones have dual SIM support?
Which Motorola phones were released after Sept 2014?
Is Temple Run 2 supported on Micromax Canvas 2?
Is Samsung Galaxy S5 available in Kerala?
I need a phone of size 5 inches
I need a phone of size 5 inches
Which Froyo phones less than Rs 5000 have Facebook Messenger?
Does the Samsung Galaxy S4 released last year run Jelly Bean?
Show me all Samsung Galaxy phones
Is there a good Android phone for less than 7K ?
Show me the latest Sony Xperia
What are the phones releasing next week?
Has the new Galaxy phone been released in India?
Which Lumia phones cost less than 20,000 ?
I need a phone which will work in the USA
Show me LG phones which are smaller than 5.5"
Moto E costs Rs 6360
Which Lumia phones were released in the last one month?
Temple Run lags in most of the Android phones. 
Which is the best Android smartphone available in the market?
I bought a Dell monitor for Rs 15000
Android 5.0 was released recently
I bought my new phone while I was at Bangalore
Some Android smartphones have a front camera
Temple run Oz is supported on Android 5.0 but we need to buy it for Rs 124 
SNote is present by default in Samgung Note3
My new smartphone has iOS 8 
My Samsung Galaxy Ace 2 has Android Jelly Bean
Apple phones cost more than Rs 20000
Whatsapp is supported both on Android and iOS
I am planning to sell my phone after I come back from Delhi
I bought Swipe Keyboard for Rs 60
I downloaded whatsapp on my Samsung Galaxy Ace yesterday
Subway Surf was updated last week
I installed skype on my new smartphone
Some apps are not supported on iOS
My sister installed Leo's fortune on her smartphone today
Samsung phones do not support iOS.
Rs 60000 is too costly for a phone with screen size 4" 
I will sell my phone for Rs 11000
Today, I uninstalled True caller from my Samsung Galaxy Ace
Apple's 4.7-inch iPhone 6 is selling three times faster than the 5.5-inch iPhone 6 Plus in the US
 Xiaomi Technology Co and Lenovo Group Ltd reel in buyers with full-function touch-screen smartphones that are cheaper
Microsoft this week dropped the Nokia name on its latest Lumia 535 smartphone
Today we have added Android 5.0 AOSP device configuration source code for Xperia Z3
Android 5.0 Lollipop Wi-Fi Bug Affecting Some Users
All Windows Phone 8 Lumia Handsets Confirmed for Windows 10 Update
Angry Birds Cricket game?
Samsung Chases Curved Smartphone Wave to Beat Flat-Screen Crowd
How to check Apple Iphone warranty
Is Google Glass Already Losing Its Mojo?
Samsung Gear VR Headset to Launch in December Starting $199
Sony SmartWatch 3 Android Wear Smartwatch Goes on Sale
Uber Said to Announce Music Partnership With Spotify
BlackBerry Signs Up Samsung, Others, in New Mobile Services Push
Google Nexus 6 India Launch Looks Imminent
Micromax Bolt A065 With 4-Inch Display, Android 4.4.2 KitKat Goes Official
Apple Blocks Malware Targeting Its Devices in China
Xiaomi Continues to Dominate China's Smartphone Market
Amazon Executive on Why the Fire Phone Failed to Take Off
Nokia Will Not Make Mobile Phones in India Anymore
Can I get an iPhone for Rs 20000 ?
List the Samsung smartphones that have atleast a 4 inch  screen
Have you read the fine print?
Is the Nexus 8 releasing in India ? 
When is Android Kitkat coming to Nexus 5 ?
The best price of Apple iPhone 6 in India is Rs. 53500 
I would like to buy a Nokia phone
I have had my phone for 5 years.
Android gets apps from Google Play
Is the Youtube app free for iOS ? 
Does the Moto X come in built with Lollipop ?
Micromax Canvas Unite 2 is very sleek
Can it be delivered by tomorrow ?
Android 5.0 Lollipop came out a month ago
You should buy a Lumia
Windows Phone 8.1 is jam-packed with all sorts of cool new features and improvements
The Nokia 808 PureView is officially the last Symbian smartphone
Xiomi is one of China's biggest electronics companies that designs, develops, and sells smartphones.
You should totally install WhatsApp 
Symbian Belle has support for 48 languages
Bada was an operating system developed by Samsung Electronics.
Samsung Galaxy Note 3 is overpriced
I got a new update for WhatsApp today morning
LG Fireweb phone runs firefox OS in it
Google's nexus 9 comes with smart lock technology
Huawei Ascend Y300 runs firefox OS
Jolla is featured with Jolla Sailfish operating system
Does Nokia S60 phones get WhatsApp updates?
clash of clans is a hit game from Super Cell
Reckless Racing 3 is released in 2014 and it costs around Rs 170
Apple unveiled the long-awaited iPhone 6 which runs ios 8 at a Cupertino event on 9 September
Spotify is an amazing android App
WhatsApp is not free after 1 year
I have Samsung S4 but I can't play most games I like ie FarmVille2 etc
Motorola Canada's head office is at Warden Avenue
Fuhu, the company that created the nabi tablet for kids, unveiled the 20 and 24 inch nabi Big Tab
Samsung reduced Samsung galaxy S2's price by Rs 12000 to survive in the market
Google's new App,inbox released last month runs smoothly on my nexus4 
Phones with size more than 5" gives a good experience while watching videos 
is Nexus 9 the ultimate iPad killer?
Does your phone run far cry 3 ?
Most of the blackberry phones run blackberry OS
Can I play Temple Run on an Android phone with a 7" screen size  well?
Is this phone available in Dubai?
I need to buy an iOS phone before Dec for Christmas.
Do you have HTC Desire X ?
My budget is 15K.
Do you have Android One ?
Does Samsung Galaxy smartphone release before July 14?
Does Microsoft sell smartphones other than the ones having Windows ?
Can I download Tanpura Droid on desire phone?
Will this phone be available in april 2015?
What is the screen size for Samsung Galaxy Note?
What are the phones under 10k?
Can I get this phone in Kolkata?
Will whatsapp cost me more than 100 a year?
Does Samsung grand have a screen size of more than 5 inches?
Is it good to play fruit ninja on a 4 inch screen?
What other phone has features like grand 2?
Is iphone 6 available in India?
do you have apple's iphone 5 in your bangalore store?
Where are your branches?
when will htc one be available?
Does htc desire X come with preloaded with apps such as red bus or zomato?
Is Nexus 5 a 5 inch Android phone running 4.4.4 KitKat?
Will Aviate run on this?
Which Motorola phones are available?
Do the Motorola Moto phones in India have built-in Flashlight?
What are the Samsung Android phones available under 15k?
Is 4.4.4 Kitkat better than iOS 7?
Do I get Sony Xperia devices in London?
Is Xiaomi Redmi 1S available?
Do I get Android Lollipop on Samsung Galaxy devices?
Will Lollipop devices be available after 15 November?
Is Sony Xperia Play priced more that 20k?
I want an HTC Desire phone.
I like phones.
Has Android Lollipop rolled out in India yet?
Samsung Galaxy phones are minimum 8k.
Yahoo Aviate is a good app.
I want Android Lollipop
Is Motorola Moto X below 25k?
A Samsung Galaxy Note phone is good.
I want an iOS 8 device.
The selection of apps on the online market is rapidly increasing.
An installation of Windows 8 usually occupies 20 GB.
I last went home last week
The latest stable version of Ubuntu is 14.10
Hearthstone will be released for android soon.
The Samsung Galaxy S5 is Samsun's latest offering
The Moto X was the first phone with Lollipop
I bought a MI3 yesterday
The new Motorola X was released this year
The Motorola Defy runs Android 2.3
The Nexus 6 released this year and costs 650USD
Plex is a bargain at USD4.99
The iPhone 6 runs iOS 8
The iPhone 6 runs iOS 8
iOS was developed in the USA
The best price of Xiaomi Redmi 1S in India is Rs. 5999
Which is the best gaming app on IOS8 ?
What were the phones released last year with screen size less than 5" ?
How to view live TV on Android Kitkat phone?
What is a low budget Android phone with a display size of minimum 4 inches ?
Are the s pen for galaxy note 2 sold by samsung compatible with my s4?
what is the price of apple iphone 4 ? 
what is the best phone in Galaxy range in Samsung? 
I want a iPhone or Google Nexus with a screen size of less than 5 inches
Which phone gives good gaming battery, preferably good memory and RAM ?
I want to buy a handset between Rs 20,000 to 45,000 in Bangalore next week.
Where can I find a charger for my iphone 6  in Bangalore? 
What Are the Best Cell Phone Inventions of the 2000 to 2010 Decade?
Which android apps make use of NFCs ? 
Nokia X Vs Moto G, which is a better mobile to buy?
What is the price of apple iphone 6 ? 
Which is the best tablet available in the market at reasonable price?
I want a phone with >20MP camera.
Will nexus 5 still be available 6 months from now?
What are some famous IOS and Android apps which make use of GPS?
I need a smartphone under 10000
Is Facebook available for Apple iOS?
I need to buy Nokia Lumia
Facebook is great!
Which smartphones are available for > 5"?
I bought this mobile in San Francisco last week
How much the latest version of an iPhone would cost in India?
This is a test sentence where everything will be other
I use an old Nokia phone 
My phone hasn't got the latest Android update as yet.
Moto G2 running KitKat are selling like hotcakes in New York.
Facebook bought WhatsApp for 15 Million.
Indian 100 Rupee notes are 73 mm.
Sophisticated Electronics like Refrigerators started becoming a household commodity in the 1980s.
Nokia Lumia 730 running Windows phone has a display size of 4.7".
Most laptops come shipped in with Windows.
Nexus 5 first started coming in with Jellybean and has 1020dp.
Google is manfacturing smartwatches running the latest Android version
Aircrafts were first invented by the Wright brothers on 5th August 1901.
Google bought over Motorola and customised the Android OS.
I need a phone with a 24 hour battery back up 
I want a nexus phone under Rs 20000  
I want oneplusone 6" in size before new year
I want 9 inch tablet
Android is currently best OS. Nexus six runs on android 5.0
5 inch windows phone launching in India
Samsung is expected to launch S6
Many budget phones are expected to launch during diwali holidays
Nexus6 is a 6 inch phone
My MOTO G runs on android 4.4.4
iphones are the most beautifully designed phone
US was the first country to had 3.5 inch iphones
December will see the launch of xiaomi mi4 running miui6
2dots is only available on ios in US
S series is most successful family by Samsung
Lollipop is only available in US for all 5 inch plus phones
Apple make iphones specifically for US
HTC one M8 is beautiful android phone
All 5.5 inch phone costs more then Rs 20000
Cut the rope2 is only available for ios8
What are the specifications of Moto G ?
When will Nexus 6 release ?
Does Nexus 6 have a 6 inch screen ?
Is any smartphone with Kitkat 4.4 is releasing in December ?
Which OS is Samsung Galaxy running on ?
Which Samsung Galaxy phone runs on KitKat 4.4 ?
I do not like the screen size of Samsung Galaxy Grand
HTC Nexus 1 was an awesome smartphone
Samsung Galaxy S 5 offers various different features
Whatsapp is pathetic
I bought Karbonn Sparkle V in December for Rs 6500
IPhone 6 launched in US
Nexus 6 is supposed to release in India in November
Oneplus one was not launched in India
Smartphones running on KitKat are available for Rs 3000
Rs 45000 for a smartphone is not worth it
IPhone 6 was launched in September
Samsung galaxy series come with a similar looking user interface but varies in build quality
A 6 inch phone is called a phablet
Galaxy series come with a vast variety of affordable and stylish smartphones
I bought Galaxy Grand last December as I loved the 4.8 inch it provides
Samsung is taking over the market whereas Apple's market is drastically decreasing
Nexus series smartphones are known to be packed with awesome features and specifications which are priced under Rs 30000
Kitkat 4.4.4 is clean and simple
A 4 inch phone running on Jellybean is not worth a buy
I have a Samsung Galaxy S5 which is a high end smartphone.
All models of Samsung Galaxy are priced above Rs 25000.
There is a stiff competition between Google Nexus and Apple iOS.
I own a S5 which cost me Rs 40000.
The Timely application is a good alarm to wake you up.
The Apple iPhone 6 costs nearly Rs 63000 in India.
Whatsapp, WeChat, Instagram, Telegram and Viber are the most common mobile applications used by the youth.
The new Moto G2 is priced at Rs 13000 in India.
My Samsung Galaxy S5 which has over 5" screen size supports Android 4.4.2 and above.
My sister brought her iPhone 5s from Dubai last summer.
OnePlus One costs nearly Rs 21000 in India.
Asphalt 8 runs smoothly on a phone with screen size greater than 5".
HTC desire 816 is brilliant new phone.
Android 5.0 was released on 5th November 2014 for Nexus.
People cannot seem to live without a smartphone these days.
September 17th 2014, Apple iOS 8  was released in India for all iPhones
iPhone 6 is 4.7 inch in size.
Samsung Galaxy S5 was released on April 11 2014.
Most high end smartphones are priced over Rs 30000.
Motorola's Moto X was released in the year 2014.
Flappy Bird runs on iOS 6 and above for iphone 5 
the updates for Google Nexus 4 has still not been rolled out
Is Moto E more than 10K?
Which HTC phones available in India have Clash of Clans?
Which Karbonn phones run Jelly Bean?
Do all Samsung phones support the Universal Remote application?
Sony Xperia Mini runs Android Gingerbread
Is Hike Messenger supported on S4 mini, running Jelly Bean?
The Lollipop update has been released for some phones in India.
HTC Desire VC is one of the few phones that does not have a File Manager Application.
What are the features of Xperia Z Ultra?
Which phones still run Gingerbread?
What is the price of Moto G in Singapore?
Which iPhone phone is around 4.5" in size?
Will Nexus 5 get the Lollipop update soon?
Show me the phones released this month.
Is the screen size of Nexus 4 more than 4.5 inches?
What are the features of Ice Cream Sandwich?
Show me the latest Lumia phones.
What is the release date of Nexus 6 in India?
What is the latest blackberry os version?
Show me phones released in Nov 2014.
Show me phones released in Nov 2014.
Should i buy an android or ios smartphone?
Should i buy an android or ios smartphone?
Best Samsung galaxy smartphone sub 20k category
Who has a better camera, Apple iPhone 6 or Samsung Galaxy S5?
ios or windows or android
Mi or oneplus?
Smartphones with ram of 2gb and camera of 13mp and below 25000
an android device below 15000
a smartphone for my father
ios8 runs on iphone
Nexus6 is monstrous
5.5 inch oneplusone will launch in december
S5 is 5.1 inches in size
ios version 8 is designed for US 
Galaxy S5 is a beast
which model of samsung will give me the latest android update?
I need a smartphone for my grandmother
Can i get moto x2 somewhere else?
can i exchange my existing android smartphone for any other smartphone
Is moto g better or xiomi mi3
should i buy mi3 or should i buy huawei honour
should i go for a better ram or a better internal storage on my phone
For a big screen smartphone, should i buy nexus6 or iphone 6plus
How does apple iphone 6 camera compares to samsung galaxy s5 
Should i buy moto g2 or moto x1
suggest me  a smartphone with good camera, decent ram, and high internal storage under 20000
Whose flagship smartphone is the best, sony lg samsung or apple
Best budget smartphone, micromax, or karbon, or lava
how does  google nexus 6 fares compared to apple iphone 6 in terms of camera
Is htc one better that galaxy s3
best motorola smartphone available in india
Which android phone would receive the latest update of android OS
Does samsung galaxy note 3 has a better speaker than apple iphone 6plus 
Should i buy a smartphone of 5" or 5.5"
Do you have xiomi mi3 available with you
Apple's iPhone was introduced to the market on June 29th ,2007.
My daughter wants to buy Google's Android phone having 4.4.2 version and which is less than 6 inches.
Can you suggest a phone was has been released after 2014 which is around 15K ?
How much will an HTC Desire X with Android and around 7 inches cost?
How much will an Android smartphone with 4.4.2 version cost?
I am planning to buy an Apple phone with screen size 5 " when I visit Thailand next week.
Will HTC release any new smartphones before 26th November, 2014?
Where can I buy an Android phone of 6 " at a lesser price than the cost of an Apple phone?
Does Samsung Galaxy Tab 10 have wifi connectivity?
I want to buy a tablet. Can you suggest a good model?
Does Apple's iPhone 6 have better touch capabilities as compared to iPhone 5?
You can purchase a Moto G phone with screen size 6" in Thailand for just Rs 5000.
I want to buy a phone is 5" and has dual sim.
Can you suggest a phone which is quad core and supports Lollipop?
Is there a HTC Desire of screen size 5" costing less than 17K?
Is there an Android Phone whose touch sensitivity is better than Apple?
Was there an updated version of Flappy Birds released this week for Android phones? 
Which  smartphone released by Motorola has good battery life? 
I bought an iPhone recently,  in Mumbai . However the iOS is not as good as people say it is. 
Do iPhones support dual sim?
Are HTC service centers present in Switzerland? 
Are there any new phones being released by Samsung this month? 
Can you suggest an android phone with Lollipop?
iOS 6 or Android L?
Motorola G is getting the first update for Android L
The Moto Razr smartphone runs Android ICS
The iPhone was released in the USA
Windows 8.1 was recently released in India
Microsoft main office is located in Seattle
Angry Birds purchases in iOS come with a price
Nexus 6 costs more than 40k
I bought a Nexus last month
Is the galaxy S 2 phone still available?
Samsung android phones created waves in the market
The iPhone with iOS 5 is cheaper in Dubai
I need a Jelly Bean phone by December
Bangalore is in India
A new Micromax Canvas with Android Jelly Bean under 10k is releasing in December
Doodle Jump runs on Android
The Nexus 6  with the Android 5.0 OS released in Dubai
The  XOLO kit kat phone is priced under 10000
Google has been operating from California since 2004
I dislike Android 2.3
The Google Nexus 6 was first unveiled in October 2014
Candy Crush Saga was the most downloaded app for IOS in 2013
The most expensive IOS app is called VIP Black and is priced at 1000 dollars
Temple Run 3 is set to release in January 2015
The Google Nexus 6 is the latest addition to the Nexus Family 
The IBM Simon is considered the first smartphone ever and was released in 1992
The smallest smartphone in the market is 2.45" in size
Android has twice the market share of IOS
The United Arab Emirates has the highest percentage of population owning a smartphone
Does Apple manufacture phones larger than 6"? 
What are some of the best IOS apps priced less than Rs 100?
The Android Lollipop 5.0 was released in November 2014
Samsung is the largest manufacturer of smartphones in the world
Samsung is the largest manufacturer of smartphones in the world
What Google Nexus phones can I buy for less than 20K
I wish to buy a new smartphone by January
The Nexus 5 received the Android Lollipop update mid November 2014
The Samsung Galaxy Note 4 was released in October 2014
What is the point of smartphones less than 4" in size?
My Google Nexus 5 just received an Android Lollipop update 
Is the next iPhone releasing in 2015?
A screen size larger than 6" is ideal for game apps like Temple Run
The most expensive smartphone is manufactured by Savelli and is worth 250K dollars
The first version of WhatsApp released in 2009
The Google Nexus 5 is by far the most successful model in the Nexus family
My smartphone iPhone 6 running on iOS has a pretty large screen size of 6 inches!
I like to take selfies on my Lumia920.
We made this app called Taala.
Which is the best smartphone to be bought?
Which is the cheapest smartphone available?
Flash light is a built in app in HTC Desire 816G
Samsung Galaxy phones are available from Rs. 4000.
I need a phone within $500 with Android Kitkat, 5.5 " HD display.
I bought a new smartphone from amazon yesterday.
Does philips produces smartphones?
Samsung becomes the world's largest smartphone maker as Apple's market share hits three-year low
GPS Map needs Android 3.0 and above.
Karbonn Titanium S4 has quad core processor clocked at 1.2 GHz supported by 1 GB of RAM
Can Moto G be updated to android 5.0 lollipop?
Is apple iphone of size 5.5" available in India?
Will android 5.0 release by December 2014 in Chennai?
I bought an iOS phone on 21-02-2014
Is skype the best for video calling?
Samsung is selling good smartphones than Nokia
Is apple's iPhone is cheaper in US?
Which is the best among xperia series?
My father got an old android jelly bean phone today
Is fruit ninja supported on phones with 4.5" display?
Which is the best smartphone which got released in India this year?
Which is the best phone below 10K having all the features?
Is Moto G 2 worth paying 13k?
Suggest a phone in 10k which supports temple run
Moto G 2 has Ginger Bread or Jelly Bean?
I need a 5" phone with Jelly Bean in 13000
What is the best price I can get for a 5" phone this month?
I need phone in range 10000 - 13000
Can I get Moto G delivered within this week
What is the size and android version of the new Nexus 6
Does Nokia Asha support whatsapp
what is the size of Moto X
When can i expect an android L update on my Nexus 5
Is there any discount on the latest jelly bean phone today in bangalore?
Can you suggest a good tablet
Which is the best 5" smartphone in India today?
What is the current price of iphone 5
Which is bigger Moto X or Sony Xperia Z
When will Android One launch in india?
I want a 6" jelly bean phone
Does temple run work on ginger bread
Do dual sim phones consume more battery?
What are the best specifications I can get in a tablet for Rs 20000
 Bangalore is one of the largest cities and is the fourth-largest metropolitan area in India.
A demographically diverse city, Bengaluru is the second-fastest growing major metropolis in India.
Nexus 6 runs android lollipop
the google nexus 6 runs the android lollipop
where are you going tomorrow
flappy birds does not run on the $349 nexus 6
the latest version on the google nexus line is the android lollipop
i love google
the android lollipop was recently released in the US
i do not like the samsung galaxy note
HTC one is the best smartphone on the market right now
the nexus 6 costs around $349
Which version of the android does the Nexus 6 run on?
iOS 8 was first released in San Fransisco
candy crush saga runs on android with a price of $4
I love angry Birds
I play subway surfers on my android smartphone
nvidia's new 14 inch tablet runs on android and costs $299
I hate 4 inch smartphones
What are some of the phones running android lollipop?
Google is selling glass at a price of $1500
I love the new android lollipop
I have always loved the 4 inch long Samsung Galaxy Grand
Can you suggest some good phones with Samsung galaxy grand?
the Google nexus 6 costs $349
I want to buy a motorola smartphone with lollipop is in it
buy android phone to get loads of apps
android is is a well documented software
I can use Whatsapp on Windows 8.1 anywhere in India
The hoodies cost Rs 600 in Bangalore
Whatsapp is better on Android L with screen size more that 6"
The Facebook 4" looks better on Android Kitkat  
I am selling my Samsung phone for Rs 10000
My Lumia 1020 runs Windows 8.1 on 7"
Google has released Gmail
9gag is best designed for Android L in USA
Nokia Lumia 1020 runs Windows 8.1
Facebook is a USA based company
Apple is released iPhone 5S in India recently
Which Android phone I can get under 15K ?
Moto E is the best phone under 9k
Shazam app is best suited for Apple products
Flipkart offer Lumia for 20k
Flipkart is an Indian company
Samsung S2 can't run Kitkat
Android L is default in the new Micromax phones
I bought a new phone last month
I installed Angry Birds yesterday
Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 has the best interface for Whatsapp
Whatsapp stores Bangalore as default in Windows
I am planning to buy the new iPhone model during Dec holidays
I need a smartphone
The market is heaving with Chinese smartphone makers out to grab share from Apple Inc and Samsung Electronics Co Ltd with low-priced handsets.
MediaTek pioneered bundling low-cost chips with recommendations on hardware such as lenses and speakers.
NOKIA LAUNCHES N1
Samsung has a factory in India.
Moto X is available in India.
I have a laptop.
the new nexus runs on Android Lolipop.
Nexus 6 realeased in 1st week of November.
The 6 inch nexus 6 costs 40,000.
Samsung manufactures smartphones.
The Google Nexus 6 is 6 inches.
The Nexus series is really good.
the 5 inch Samsung galaxy grand released in 2013.
Facebook owned WhatsApp used to cost Rs. 50.
The samsung galaxy alpha released this month among many other phones.
The iphone 6 has a 6 inch screen.
The latest release of Android is Lollipop.
The nexus 5 is a good phone.
Doodle Jump is a popular app on Android phones.
The Moto X is a good phone.
Samsung galaxy grand runs on Android.
The iphone 6 costs over Rs 50,000.
Motorola was aquired by Lenovo.
Nokia has a factory in Chennai.
When is the release date of Google Nexus 6 and how much is its price?
The iPhone 6 released in August is bigger than iPhone 5.
Which is the most popular gaming app in Chandigarh?
Which is the latest OS version of Google Nexus?
What is the price of Google Nexus 6?
What was the release date of Tinder?
which is the latest version of Apple iOS?
The latest OS update of Android is lollipop.
I need an android phone which is 6 inches in size.
I recently downloaded pushbullet on my Google Nexus 5.
The CamScanner app is worth Rs 120.
iOS 8 is the latest update.
More memory space in Nexus leads to more storage of apps.
Android is better than iOS.
I downloaded google maps on my android phone when i was heading to Bangalore.
Nexus 5 which is 5.4 inches big is worth Rs. 28000.
Nexus 5 and Nexus 4 are of the same size.
Which is the cheapest phone released Motorola till date?
Besides making phone calls, nearly all smartphones  can provide directions through GPS and many more benificial things.
Windows Phone 8 is the latest version.
iPhone 6 was released on 9 September which is worth Rs. 53000.
can i get a phone below Rs 4000?
is there an apple phone less than 20K?
i think iOS 8 is not so good
when will iphone 6 be available for less than 50K ?
i m a joker
Rajnikanth is superstar of India
Moto-G is the best smartphone available in market
wodland shoe costs 3000
i m the one who knocks
30000000000000 crore rupees are there in swiss bank
u will get 50 rs discount for nokia
i want buy iphne 5s
my height is 5.11
dell is better than lenovo
windows 8 launched on 28th aug
my bt app is reasonably working
size of my krishibhagya app is 18mb in android 
data i have sent is 45mb
in 2000 windows xp was launced by microsoft
i have samsung smartphone
i joined tcs and used android os from google
my dob is 06/10/93
hey r u alright
u r responsible for that
I have an HTC One
The latest version of Android is called Lollipop
I use Android
Nexus 6 is too large
Google's new phone is called Nexus 6
Google's new phone is called Nexus 6
HTC One M8 has dual back cameras
LG g3 is expensive
Angry Birds is a good game
I will buy MacBook Air in December
This phone is good
The new gmail has material design
Is iOS better for me or android?
is this phone cheaper in the US?
will the price of this phone reduce by next month?
how is kitkat better than jellybean?
can I download this app on iPhone?
how much memory does this app consume?
which company makes the best smartphones?
which company makes the best smartphones?
what was the price of this phone a week ago?
Is Motorola a reliable company to buy cheap phones?
What version of Android are you running on your smartphone?
Does WhatsApp hang in the Samsung Galaxy S3?
Is Android L out for Moto G?
Does the samsung galaxy grand run Jellybean?
Is the HTC Desire more than 5" in size?
Google Nexus 4 is now old because Google Nexus 6 has released
Motorola Moto X has a new release as of November  
Samsung Galaxy Grand is more than 6" in size
I recently bought a Moto G
I will buy the new Google Nexus 6
The Google Nexus 5 is cheaper in England
The Sony Xperia SL did not receive any Android updates beyond Jellybean
Why is the Samsung UI so bad?
Why is my Samsung Galaxy S3 hanging?
What is the best phone for Rs 15000?
Is the Apple iPhone 6 better than the Google Nexus 5?
Nokia got bought by Microsoft
WhatsApp hangs on my Samsung Galaxy S3 when I don't clear messages
Android L has not released in Azerbaijan 
Android L is better than Jellybean
Motorola is back in the game thanks to Moto series
Apple iPhone  6 and iPhone 6 Plus will start selling in India from Friday, October 17 with the cheapest of the smartphones priced at Rs 53,500.
There are Nexus 4 phones available for Rs 15K
Apple phones have superior user interface
The 5.2 inch Moto X is very popular among corporates in Bangalore.
The Blackberry Passport is the best smartphone recommendation for Blackberry loyalists wanting a QWERTY keypad.
Vizzywig is the most expensive app priced at $999.99
Angry Birds is the 2nd most downloaded app.
Facebook looks better on Apple's iPhone 6 Plus because it has a bigger screen of the size 5.5 inches.
Google launched Android 4.4 KitKat last September and then showed off Android L at its I/O 2014 developer conference before officially announcing its final name and version number today.
 Google globally announced the Nexus 5 on November 1 with the 16GB model priced at Rs 28,999.
Apple is likely to release the next iPhone in 2015.
Apple iPhone 6 costs Rs 81,900.
Early November of 2014 saw the release of Android Lollipop, the latest in store for mobile phones using Android OS.
Google Maps for India is better on phones with screen size larger than 4 inches.
Nexus 5 has a screen size 4.95 inches and comes with Android Kitkat.
Nexus 5 has a screen size of 4.95 inches.
The latest Grand Theft Auto app is priced at a whopping Rs 300.
Samsung Galaxy phones are available only in two colours, black and white.
The iPhone 6 which uses iOS 7 is priced at 539 pounds in the UK.
Android Lollipop is set to release in November 2014.
I want to buy the new iphone model this month
Among the soft drinks I like coca-cola the most
Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 is 5.2 inch in size
I bought Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 of size 5.2 inch yesterday
I bought iphone for my mother last month
I need samsung phone
can i get android smartphone under 5K?
HTC is better or Galaxy?
Samsung galaxy with more than 5 inch is available in bangalore
Can you suggest some good phones with more than 5 inch in bihar?
Apple launches the new ipad air 2
playing angry birds will be good in Android 5.0
I bought iOS 8 phone
i need a good phone
I need a phone with good battery life
I bought a new phone
 I want to buy a 6 inch phone for my father
size of htc desire new product is 5.5 inch
Android 5.0 will be released soon
Android releases iphone 6
Does your Google Nexus 5 charge well with a power bank?
Do you like the Google Nexus 6 better than the Apple iPhone 6?
Do you like the Google Nexus 6 better than the Apple iPhone 6?
When will the Android 4.4 based Cyanogenmod be available?
Is the Google Nexus 6 bigger than 5"?
Does the Google Nexus 5 use the Snapdragon processor?
Will the Google Nexus 5 get the Android L update?
Does the Motorola Nexus 6 have a battery capacity of over 2300 mAH? 
How do the cameras compare in the Sony Xperia Z and Apple iPhone 5?
How is the material design in the new Android 5.0?
Is the Sony Xperia Z3 also waterproof?
ShareIt is a file sharing application that works without bluetooth.
Samsung released the Galaxy series of phones that run on Android Kitkat.
Candycrush shot to popularity among phone users.
Google Nexus 5 is 4.95-inches.
The Android Lollipop update is now available in India for Nexus. 
When will the 6-inch Nexus  release in India?
Is the Nexus 6 more than 30k?
Nexus 6 will run Android Lollipop.
Will Android Lollipop release before December?
Wordament is a word game.
i need an android phone that runs on lollipop
what is the battery life of samsung galaxy s5?
when was iOS 8 released in bangalore?
Does clash of clans run on Android phones?
What are the best android phones with a screen size greater than 5"?
Which are the mobile devices with android 4.2 run FIFA 15?
Is xiaomi mi 4 available in India?
I bought a mobile with android 4.3 for Rs 10000 yesterday
Which are the best Motorola mobile devices under RS 6000 that run stick cricket?
I need a phone with android 4.4 and screen size greater than 5 inches
I bought Samsung Galaxy S 5 last week 
I am planning to buy a mobile device that runs QUIZ UP game next week
Can you play FIFA 15 on windows phones in Pakistan?
How is the performance of Samsung Galaxy S 5?
Does clash of clans run on iOS 8?
What is the screen size of Google Nexus 5?
Will Angry birds run on phones with screen size 4 inches?
When will Samsung Galaxy S Advance get Android 4.4 update?
When will Samsung Galaxy S Advance get Android 4.4 update?
Which are the upcoming phones in Samsung Galaxy series?
I bought an Android phone last month
when was android 5.0 released?
Which is the best phone in the range of 10K - 15K?
Which smartphones have Firefox OS?
Can sony xperia C3 be upgraded to Android Lollipop?
Apple iPhone 6, iPhone 6 Plus coming on October 17, pricing starts Rs 53,500
Is HTC desire 816g better than htc Desire 816?
Is rounds supported on Lava Iris X5?
Intex is cheaper than Panasonic
Gionee Elife S5.1 has a thickness of 5.15 mm
BlackBerry OS 10.3.1 Going Official in January 2015
Is Google chrome installed on Huawei Ascend P6?
Modern Combat 5: Blackout costs Rs 390 which is not supported for Android Kitkat
I bought this phone with Ubuntu OS from Singapore having Code Peeker
Does google nexus 5 smartphone have Android 4.4.4?
I need xperia T2 ultra phone tomorrow
I want to purchase a flip cover for Micromax canvas Knight a350
Most of the Nokia phones have Windows OS
Asus Zenfone has android v4.3 Jelly Bean Operating system
I want to buy headphones for my friend
I bought htc 816g with 13.97 cm HD display, even if it does not fit my pocket
Galaxy Grand 2 is an awesome phone
I need a smartphone which has swipe keypad and word prediction
The iPhone 6 and iPhone 6 Plus are smartphones running iOS developed by Apple
The best price of Nokia Lumia 730 in India is around 15K
Will the Motorola Moto G 2 receive the Android 5.0 update ?
Will the Motorola Google Nexus 6 releasing in January 2015 be under 35k ?
HTC 8x which released last September is a WIndows smartphone
Which is the better smartphone under 15k, Motorola Moto G 2 or Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 ?
Is the bookmyshow app available on Windows smartphones ?
The iphone 6 plus has a full HD display.
The HTC Desire 816 running Android Kitkat costs around 18k.
How many smartphones under 10k have a 5 inch screen?
The Lenovo S850 has a 5 inch screen.
The Micromax Canvas Knight A290 released in September at a price of 12K.
Does Apple have an outlet in Kamanahalli, Bangalore ?
The Asus Zenfone series was launched in India in 2014.
The Nokia Lumia 520 is an affordable entry level Windows smartphone.
The Huawei honor 6 runs Android 4.2.2
Android and iOS are much more popular than the Windows platform in the mobile market.
Duet is an addictive game which is available for both Andoid and iOS smartphones.
Google has started rolling out the Android Lollipop 5.0 update to its Nexus range of smartphones.
The Apple iPhone 6 plus is grossly overpriced at 63K.
The Google Nexus 5 received the Android Lollipop update today.
Is temple run 3 releasing next february ?
Google has released nexus 6
does samsung provide a migration app for it's new users ?
which is the best smartphone under 20k ?
is ipad mini a part of ipad series ?
is bbm app available on samsung grand ?
Is nexus 6 available in india , if yes , is it under 40k ?
will google nexus 6 be shipped by this december to India ?
do you think mircromax will launch it's x2 smartphone ?
do you think xiomi will compete with micromax ?
why there is no windows 9 ? 
which is the best android product of 6 inches ?
Samsung products are cheap 
best android tablet of 8 inches ?
is google nexus 6 released with lollipop ?
do I have to update from android 4.3 to android 4.4.4 ?
what are the new features in android 5 series ?
is piano blocks the most game played lately on android phones ?
does stick cricket run on ipad ?
what is the best phone under 10k in india ?
does whatsapp   have a service branch in India ?
will I get an update to android 4 ?
which is the best samsung galaxy smartphone ?
which is samsung's best smartphone under 6 inches ?
was ios 8 released on september 17 ?
Motorola will release lollipop update for moto g on 2nd december.
the new moto g 2nd gen is great smartphone with 5" screen
google unveiled android 5.0 in palo alto today.
that phone costs rs 10000
nexus 6 with android 5.0 was released in san francisco
apple released iOS 8.
nexus 9 with android 5.0 will be released tomorrow
i have a smartphone
samsung galaxy note 4 is a huge phone
apple released the new iOS in cupertino
I havent eaten anything today
google has an android development center in india
android one phones cost less than 10000
tesla model s is an amazing car
the app is 1.5GB in size and costs $ 49
nexus 6 will get android 5.0 update
android 5.0 lollipop is awesome
google maps was redesigned for android 5.0
this is boring
tesla model x will be released in 2016 and costs $ 5000
I want to buy a Motorola phone in Bangalore
I need a phone which has a screen size of at least 6 inches and runs on Android Kitkat
I do not want a Micromax phone
Please help me in finding a store near Hoskerehalli cross in Bangalore which sells Samsung Note
Are discounts offered in December for the iphone series by Apple?
Will Samsung Galaxy series be able to run Dragon naturally Speaking app without any lags?
Will Android L update be offered for Moto X series?
I need a Smartphone with front camera running on Android JellyBean OS
Where can I get iphone 6 series in Bangalore?
I dont want an Android phone
Whats the price of Moto X?
Phones released after December which can run Candy Crush
Phones belonging to Galaxy series
Where is the nearest mobile shop to Hosakerehalli which sells Moto G
All smartphones released this year available in Bangalore
Does Galaxy fit play Angry Birds
I dont think I'll be able to browse properly in Chrome with a screen size of 4 inches
Will Samsung Note be supported after 3 years
Which phones are popular in Bangalore now
All phones by Samsung released after December 2013 which are under 10000 rupees
I need a phone with an exchange offer
Most popular phone in iphone series in Bangalore
Suggest me a good phone with screen size above 6 inches available in Mangalore
I want a phone which lets me play games like Temple run
Phones below 6 inches because they do not fit in my pocket
I am planning to buy iphone 6 after november
I need a basic smartphone which is well within my price range
All phones which run on Android Kitkat below 20000
All phones available in Bangalore which belong to Xiaomi mi series
Suggest me a phone below 10000 which can run office
I bought a Lenovo Titanium yesterday.
She needs a smartphone under Rs. 15000.
Samsung Galaxy Grand has a screen size greater than 6 inches and costs more than Rs.10000.
How do you install Android Jelly bean on Panasonic 81 that was introduced in Japan?  
Lenovo Titanium S660 is priced at around Rs. 9000 in India.
I updated my tablet to iOS 8.1
Samsung Galaxy has Android 4.2 and costs around Rs.33000
Windows 8 runs on most Nokia smartphones
Nokia C5 costs Rs.7500 in Bangalore.
Apple released its new smartphone last week.
It is easier to play Angry Birds in Samsung Galaxy.
Apple introduced iOS 8
Nokia Lumia S is sold in India
Samsung Galaxy is more than 6 inches in all countries. 
HTC Desire X is a smartphone pre-installed with Android Jelly bean.
I need a tablet which is atleast 8 inches and costs less than Rs. 25000
Apple IPhone 6 was released in October 2014.
This 6 inch phone seems to be a Nokia Lumia running on Windows 8.
Manasa has a HTC Desire X.
I like playing Candy Crush in Samsung Galaxy
Is Google Nexus available on Google Play in India?
What apps are pre-loaded on the Samsung Galaxy S3?
Is the screen of HTC One too small to play Temple Run?
Android Lollipop is best for running Angry Birds
Can I buy Micromax Canvas for less than 15k?
HTC has some good Android smartphones
Is 4.7 inches too small to play NFS on a phone?
Apple's iPhone is giving stiff competition to Google's Nexus
Is Samsung Galaxy Grand available for less than 30k in India? 
How much does iPhone 5S cost in US?
Can I buy any phone running iOS 6 in UK?
I am yet to get the Android Lollipop update for my phone despite it being released last month
The iPhone is available only today at a discount of 12k
What is the best Windows phone available between 15k and 30k?
Android Kitkat was released in February of last year in California
Is the Samsung Galaxy S3 a dual sim phone?
What is the best 5 inch smartphone available for less than 20k?
Do phones bought after November 2014 run Android Lollipop?
The new iPhone has a 5 inch screen
Is there any e-commerce website selling Android Jelly Bean phones for less than 20k?
does iphone 6 work well with iOS 8 good ?
does samsung grand provide you with proximity sensor ?
will whatsapp work in a phone having 512 MB ram
when will nokia stop making windows 8 phones ?
i bought a smartphone for 10K at bangalore
i bought this phone in manchester recently
does firefox phone has ram greater than 512 MB
does hike work on android lollipop ?
i am planning to buy nexus in late december
is samsung galaxy note worth it ?
apple iphone 6 was designed in california
i bought an 32 GB iphone 5 at san francisco
Which Apple phones have a screen size more than 4'' ?
Does the PVR application run on iOS 8?
Which Apple phones are going to be released by next December ? 
Does the Apple app store have the latest version of Whatsapp ? 
Apple is going to release the latest version of Angry Birds for iOS 8 in March.
I need a phone in Bangalore that is running on iOS 6 and costs less than 15k. 
Which is the cheapest smartphone that is in stock as of now?
Does any company deliver phones on 1st January 2015?
Suggest me a phone which has a long battery life. 
I find the iPhone better than all other phones.
I need a smartphone that costs less than 10k.
Does Apple have an outlet in Gulbarga?
Does the Samsung Galaxy Grand run Android Jelly Bean?
Why is there a sudden demand for smartphones?
Does Angry Birds run on all phones?
The new version of Temple Run is better than the previous one. 
How much does an iPhone 6 cost?
Does Flappy Birds work on the Apple iOS 8?
Is the price difference of an iPhone in India as compared to in America greater then 5k?
Apple and Google are stiff competitors when to comes to the smartphone market. 
I bought a Lenovo Titanium S660 for Rs.9500
What version of Android does Xiaomi redmi 1s run? 
Are Mozilla Os phones available in bangalore? 
I want a phone with display greater than 6 inches
Why is Xperia better than Micromax. 
When does Google Nexus 6 pre-oder start in India?
Which Nokia phone has Android Lolipop?
Can I pre-order Asus ZenFone 5?
What are some of the best smartphones under Rs 8000
What mobiles are launching after 5th November?
Is Moto X available at a discount?
Android Lollipop released for LG G3.
I want to buy an Smartphone
I want to gift a nexus 6 for my daughter in Hubli on 20th this month
does Xiaomi Redmi Note run Android KitKat 
will a xiaomi mi4 cost lesser than 20000
Do u have a 6 inch smartphone which costs below 15k other than micromax Canvas Doodle.
Suggest me some Ubuntu phones
Are there any new Firefox OS phones releasing before Jan 1st
Tell me the cheapest Android phone available.
how does Fruit ninja Work on a 3 inch phone.
Nokia lumia's popularity has decreased significantly in past one year.
Is Android 4.2's performance satisfactory on Samsung Galaxy Grand
Can we install android on Lumia devices
Micromax Smartphones have gained immense popularity in past few months
I bought a android 4.2 5 inch smartphone in Mumbai last year 
Does any samsung phone support android lollypop yet ?
I bought Iphone 6 for 20,000
Do you sell Samsung grand S5 in mysore
Android Kitkat was released on 20 August, 2012
I didn't like Nokia Lumia 520 much
Does any Samsung smartphone come in the size of 5.5 inches
Does anyone sell Android jellybeans even now
I bought a Galaxy grand in tumkur
Flappy Bird was removed from App Store in the march
I want to buy a  3inch iphone
Apple should manufacture smartphones which differ from iphone in look and feel
Playing subway surfers on samsung smartphones is a pain
the cost of Iphone 7 was Rs.9000 on 13-09-2014
Do you sell Karbonn Titanium for Rs.18,000 ?
Motorolla will support android lollypop from November 1st
Nokia has crashed down in smartphone market
iPhone 6 is available now.
Dictionary application is sold at Rs.50 
Dropbox is Dropbox's cloud-storage application.
Almost everyone owns a smartphone these days.
I like Facebook.
I own a Motorola Defy.
Microsoft discontinued support for Windows XP.
iPhone runs iOS.
Nexus 6 released on 28-09-14 for 30k
Galaxy S5 is Samsung's flagship phone
Hangouts got material design update for KitKat and its size is 10mb.
Nexus 6 is a 6" phone released on 30-09-2014
I like Apple
SVoice is an application for Galaxy devices whose price starts from 10k
iBooks comes inbuilt in Apple devices
Nexus 6 is a 6" phone which was not released in Canada
Apple released Macbook in 2012
Samsung headquartered in South Korea produces Galaxy devices which run Android 
I used Uber on my Nexus 4 when I was in USA
Google is headquartered at Mountain View
Nexus 9 is a trending tablet
i want to buy a Micromax smartphone under Rs 12000
which is the best android phone which is less than 5" size ?
i want to buy a smartphone
Is Samsung galaxy worth it?
Is 5" phone ideal for a 20 year old noy?
does this phone heat while playing TempleRun ?
i need a phone running windows operating system and 3" in size
please suggest a smartphone below rs 10000
Is galaxy the best category to buy from?
Can i use whatsapp in this phone?
i want to buy a smartphone after June which runs whatsapp 
iOS is very user friendly right?
micromax canvas is powerful enough to  run SubWay?
i am located in bangalore and i want to buy an android smartphone
I bought a Galaxy phone in Dec
I want to buy a smartphone less than 15000 in bangalore
Is Motorola the best company for buying phones costing more than Rs 15000 ?
please help me buy a smartphone?
i bought my last smartphone in March
Samsung S5 is the best phone right?
I am from dubai and i feel android 5.0 is the best version
Fifa works best on android one
Whatsapp plus costs 55 rupees
Kitkat kernel 3.6.7 is dated 30/01/2005
I bought karboon sparkleV in banashankari which provides google keep too
Android lolipop will run on nexus 6 running facebook faster
Android one belongs to karbonn mobiles
Spice supports only android version above 4.0
Apple provides some apps which will work on 6" screen only
WHatsapp is dated 12/02/2007
How will google provide 7" screens within 20/08/2017?
Google launched android 4.4
Sparkle one launched in bangalore
Toothpaste costs 4 rupees
Galaxy note is 40,000 Rs
I m in hawaii
USA is bigger than asia by 5" times
All android samsung phones costs more than 7000 rs
Apple is the best
I dont think karbonn sparkle phone has galaxy note features
Timeport runs on android but costs 100 rs
Apple and google are biggest competitors
Whatsapp is paid in apple store
Is apple that good?
I  love switzerland
Apple launches iphone 6 plus
I dont like galaxy note 4 model
All apple apps run on only mac yosamite
Suggest me any android phone in the price range of 10000-15000
Aggressively priced at Rs. 12,999, the new Moto G features 5-inch display, quad-core processor and 8MP camera. 
Windows 8.1 launched at just Rs.9999
suggestions needed for good android phones in india
HTC is all set to launch its new android phone.
hangouts app keeps crashing in lumia 620 that runs on windows 8.1 
Isn't 5 inch screen oversized for a phone!
List out top 50 android applications.
Has anyone used the new mozilla OS for phones
Nokia lumia 920 that runs on windows was launched in chicago
pro reader is priced at 1$ for IOS devices.
micromax needs to launch a budget phone so as to compete with likes of Android one
can someone list the names of essential windows app
Any good android phone to be launched this december?
Lumia 910 that runs Windows 8.1 is developed by Nokia
Is Microsoft going to launch an android phone next year?
samsung galaxy golden that runs android is priced at Rs.45999
I am planning to buy Iphone 6 by next week
Nokia lumia 620 windows phones crashes sometimes when i play flappy birds.
Is Any windows phone in the range of 15000-20000 going to be released in january?
Which Android phones in the market right now are between 5K and 10K?
Spice has released a cheap smartphone with a 4.3 inch screen
Is there a HTC phone with a six inch screen that runs Android 4.4?
I need a new phone
I need a new HTC phone
I need a new HTC phone that is running Kit Kat
I'm looking to buy a Galaxy in Bangalore
The HTC desire series could use some improvements
I would love to find a smartphone with a 6 inch screen for under 6K
I finally bought a smartphone!
Is the HTC desire c more than 4 inches?
Is the HTC Desire C priced under 10k?
I want a mobile which runs on Android
Is the Galaxy S2 as slow as everyone claims?
Can I play candy crush on an Apple iPhone?
I'm looking to buy a phone in Milan
Im looking to buy a device running Jelly Bean sometime in August
I bought this phone yesterday
I want a phone with a 10 inch screen
Today I noticed a lag on my 4" screen while playing Temple Run
Im looking for an Android phone which is under 10K
Does temple run have good clarity on a 6" device running Jelly Bean?
What is Android 4.4 called?
I want a Nexus smartphone
My phone has a 4" screen
I want an Apple phone
Is Jelly Bean faster than Kit Kat?
I love the new version of Skype!
I bought a Samsung phone today
Apple is a pretentious company
I bought a Galaxy S3
I have a smartphone
Which smartphone is cheaper,Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 or Motorola Moto G 2?
Which android phones will be released in the next 6 months?
Which is the most downloaded application in the Android Play Store?
I want to buy a phone which has a 8 mega-pixel camera and 16 GB of storage.
Which Samsung phone has the longest battery life?
Which is the costliest smartphone in the market right now?
8 mega-pixel camera,Android KitKat OS, 5 inch screen are some of the specifications of Motorola Moto G phone.
Which is the lighest smartphone in the market right now?
Temple Run is an addictive game.
Is the game Piano Tiles available in Nokia Ovi Store?
Are there any Samsung Service Centres in Bangalore?
Till which Android OS version can the Samsung Galaxy Grand be upgraded to? 
What are the reviews of the Android KitKat OS?
Is Angry Birds App a free app?
The user interface of Samsung smartphones are much better than the Nokia smartphones.
My highest score in Piano Tiles is 1000.
Is there a discount on Google Nexus 5 in Flipkart?
Can you suggest me smartphones in the range of 15k to 20k having Qualcomm processor?
Is 5th February, 2015 the release date of Apple's iPhone 7?
Android Lollipop OS is not supported in Samsung Galaxy Grand 2.
Suggest me smartphones better than Apple's iPhone.
What are the drawbacks of Android Jelly Bean OS?
Which are the smartphones that support Android Lollipop OS?
Which is the cheapest Android Phone in the market?
What is the screen size of an iPAD?
Suggest smartphones with best camera.
Suggest me a phone which supports voice commands
The Moto X shows notifications on the lock screen to keep you up to date
I bought Moto X 1st Gen in the month of October
The new Motorola Moto X is now selling for 25,999 in India
I want to buy a phone which supports dual sim
Suggest me an android phone which has good sound quality
Which smartphone has the best front camera with price less than 20000 ?
I want to buy a Samsung phone with water repellent coating 
Compared to the iOS app store and Google Play, Windows Phone has just a fragment of the apps
Which phones have already got the Android Lollipop update ?
What are the additional features that Moto X 2nd Gen has when compared to Moto X 1st Gen?
I want to buy a smartphone with the largest screen size
I bought Nokia Lumia 710 in 2012 in Bangalore
Whatsapp didnt work properly on my Lumia 710 phone
I updated my Subway Surf App recently
Which is the cheapest smartphone in the market ?
I want to buy iPhone 6 
I want to buy a Samsung phone in the range of 15000 to 20000 with Android Lollipop update 
What are the specifications of Google Nexus 6 ?
Has iPhone 6 released in India
I hate october
I loved playing candy crush at vmware in bangalore
I liked Samsung galaxy note 2 better than note 3
I love the new iPhone6
I am in bangalore
I love playing piano tiles in google
Android 4.4.2 is the best if you want an android phone from Samsung galaxy
S voice on Samsung phones is nice
Apple sells Iphones at a cheaper rate in USA.
Can you suggest an android phone with version 4.4.2 and more than 5 inches?
Samsung started releasing it's galaxy series in africa
Samsung started releasing it's galaxy series in africa
can a nokia lumia 4.5 inch support candy crush?
Can I get an android 4.4.2 phone at croma? 
I am hoping to buy an android 4.4 phone in January  
You can buy the new mathtutor  app from the store at 50$
You can buy the new mathtutor  app from the store at 50$
I want a new phone with a screen size not exceeding 5 inches
My budget is 20000 rupees
I am going to buy a 4.5 inch in february
price of Iphones in USA is 50000
I am planning to sell my phone in december 
My brother bought a phone for 40000 rupees
I live Samsung galaxy phone  
The iPhone 6 is 53k in India.
When is Android Lollipop going to release in India?
The 5.5 inch iPhone 6 was released in India in October,2014.
The Moto G has a 4.5 inch display.
iOS5 is outdated.
Motorola has made a huge comeback with Moto G.
Ruzzle is a word game developed by MAG Interactive, based in Sweden.
Ruzzle was released in March 2012.
Can you suggest a good phone with a 4.95-inch display available in Ireland, other than Nexus 5?
The Samsung Galaxy Grand hangs alot.
Google Keep does not run on Android Jellybean.
Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 released soon after Samsung Galaxy Grand.
Android Lollipop hasn't released yet.
Moto G released on September 5, 2014.
I bought my phone in India.
Is Nexus 5 manufactured in Sweden?
Retrica is a photography application.
Google makes Nexus phones.
New Android phones will run Android Lollipop.
Ruzzle is a word game.
Android Kitkat came after Jellybean.
Can you suggest a samsung phone with camera greater than 10 mp?
How is iphone 6 better than iphone 5S?
Is MotoE available right now?
When does a samsung s3 get the lollipop update?
I bought a iphone 6 last week.
Does samsung note 4 have a good camera?
Is blackberry messenger available on android?
How does the nexus 5 compare with iphone 6s on performance?
When does lollipop version of android release?
What is the latest phone by blackberry?
Is it cheap to buy an android phone during thanksgiving?
Is there an android phone for less than 5000?
Where can I find a samsung s3 for less than 10k?
I bought a samsung s5 in delhi last week.
When is the latest iphone the cheapest in Bangalore?
I need a phone under Rs 15k.
I need a phone under Rs 15k.
I need the lollipop version for samsung s3.
Can you suggest some phones with long lasting battery?
When is the next iphone expected to release?
I don't think this phone runs icecream Sandwich. 
I don't think this phone runs icecream Sandwich. 
I don't think this phone runs icecream Sandwich. 
lolypop (Android 5.0) upgrade rolled out for Moto g2
Moto g2 is a great phone
Nokia is a Finland based company
Samsung galaxy has phones with display ranging 3 to 6 inch
Nokia lumia 520 now at Rs5500
Moto g2 with 5 inch display and android kitkat available at Rs13000
Android lolypop (5.0) released !!
Google to launch Nexus 6 on 12November in India
Moto G2 with 5 inch display . 
Nexus first to get Lolypop .
Nexus 6 to be manufactured by Motorolla
Android lolypop uses material design
Nokia Zlauncher is preety cool
Samsung galaxy is lagging behind in the market
Nokia symbian was once popular in India
Finland based Nokia may launch Android phone soon
Assist in Moto g is cool
Microsoft gets away with Nokia brand in latest Lumia 
Lumia 520 is best in its price range
Lolypop doesnt have silent feature
Nexus 6 coming with Android lolypop
The cost of iPhone 5s in India is Rs. 43499
The screen size of Nexus 6 is approximately 6 inches and it is yet to be released in the US.
Is AppLock available on Windows phones ?
What are some of the Samsung Galaxy phones under 20k ?
Did you update Whatsapp ?
Nexus 4 has a screen size of 4.7" 
Do you have Viber installed on your phone ?
Can you suggest some good phones which have more than 5" screen size and run on Kitkat or higher?
Display size of iPhone 6 is 4.7"
Can you suggest some good iPhones within 45k?
The Price of Samsung Galaxy S5 in India is 35k
Android Lollipop was released on November 3rd,2014
Have you installed Facebook and messenger on your galaxy phone ?
How much did your Nexus phone cost ?
Xiaomi Mi4 India launch only in December, price around 15k 
SmashHit is a very addictive game
What are some of the good smartphones available for less than 10k ?
Micromax Bolt A064 is one of the cheapest android phones available in India which costs only 2.7k  
How much does HTC Desire C cost ?
When will iPhone 6s plus be released in India?
Does the phone have accelerometer and Gyrometer?
Phones with 5 inch display or more are becoming common nowadays.
The nexus 5 price has reduced to 15,000 rupees as of this month.
last week, my father purchased a Moto G2
apple iPhone is most commonly purchased in the US where you can get it AT&T connected
where can a Samsung Galaxy phone running Jellybean be bought in Bangalore?
where can I buy a 4.2 inch phone for 30,000 or lesser?
the galaxy grand has become less popular since August
the Google nexus 6 is to have a 6 inch display
IOS users have to pay for the full version of fruit ninja
what's the best selling price online for Moto G  2?
Windows 8.2 phones for under 15,000 in India?
android phones are gaining popularity in developing nations
android phones for less than 20,000 rupees which support NFC?
which is the best phone with a 5 inch display?
what's the fuss about IOS?
why are nexus phones preferred?
cyanogen mod to release android L soon
Samsung Galaxy Grand claimed to have hardware issues.
android L to release on July 26 for nexus 5 users
I want to buy a Samsung phone having Facebook
Does Nokia Lumia 730 have a front camera
When does Nokia Lumia 535 release in India
I want to buy a smartphone running Android KitKat and priced below 10000
Is Windows 8.1 available on all Nokia Lumia phones
Will Android 5.0 Lollipop be available in India by January 2015
Which is the best Micromax phone under 15000
are lenovo smartphones comparable to samsung smartphones in terms of battery
Are Samsung Galaxy Note phones pre - installed with FourSquare
Does ASUS make smartphones
Is there an iPhone which costs less than 40000?
Does Micromax Canvas Doodle 3 have a front camera?
Will iPhone 6 be available in India before March 2015?
I want to buy a Lenovo phone which costs less than 20000 and has a 5 inch screen. 
Is the Windows 8.1 update available for Nokia Lumia phones in India ?
Lenovo S850 smartphone with 5.00-inch 720x1280 display powered by 1.3GHz processor
Lenovo VibeX2 5inches, 1080 x 1920 px display
Lenovo A536 5 MP Camera with flash
Lenovo A536 supports Android, v4.4.2
Lenovo A536 for Rs. 7,219 
Lenovo A850 5.5 inches, 540 x 960 px display
Lenovo S850 5 inches, 720 x 1280 px display
Lenovo S660 4.7 inches, 540 x 960 px display
Lenovo S660 available at Rs. 9,829
Lenovo A369i with 512 MB RAM
Samsung Galaxy S Duos 2 S7582 at Rs. 9,999
Samsung Galaxy supports Android v4.2 OS
Karbonn Smart A11 Star at Rs. 4,499
Samsung Galaxy Star Advance G350E at  Rs. 6,400
samsung Galaxy S Duos 3 at RS.7,490/-
Samsung Galaxy Alpha at  Rs. 39,000
 Nokia X Dual SIM Yellow supports windowsPhone 8.0 
Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562 with 5 MP Camera with flash
Samsung Galaxy Grand Prime with 1 GB RAM
Samsung Galaxy S Duos S7562 with Android, v4.0
what will be the price of Google Nexus 5 in India?
what will be the price of Google Nexus 5 in India?
will LG phone support Android 4.5 ?
The Mac App Store is a digital distribution platform for OS X applications.
Can I play Hill Climb Racing in my phone which is running on Froyo?
WhatsApp Messenger is one of the most popular and most downloaded apps.
Google Nexus 5 which cost me Rs 28000 came pre-installed with loads of apps like Gmail, Temple Run 2, Dropbox, YouTube etc.
Motorola Moto E is brilliant!
When will Google Nexus 6 smartphone be released in India?
Can LG P350 be updated to run Jelly Bean?
Facebook acquired WhatsApp in February this year.
Google Nexus 6 is speculated to be released sometime in November or December.
iOS 7 looks great. Congrats to the Google design team!
Android Lollipop was released this November.
Android is currently developed by Google.
Xiomi Redmi 1S is the best value-for-money smartphone you can buy!
Android 5.0 is available right now for the Nexus 7.
I am looking for good shopping stores near Jayanagar to buy a phone.
Smartphones have revolutionized the way people communicate.
ZTE Open II smartphone runs the new Firefox OS!
I paid around 40k and purchased iPhone 5 S just to use Siri! 
Is Nexus 7 available in India?
Can I update Samsung Galaxy S4 Mini to run Android Lollipop? 
How is Android Lollipop better than Android KitKat?
4chan tricks people Into thinking iOS 7 makes their iPhones waterproof.
iPhone 4S is merely a "more expensive iPhone" if Siri fails to function as advertised.
Google Nexus 6 planned to be released in early 2015 costs 44k.
Interstellar got mixed reviews from the critics.
iPhone 6 Plus is around 5.5" which is quite bulky.
This app runs only on android smartphones.
The price of Samsung S4 is comparable to that of iPhone 4.
Sony Xperia Z4 is likely to be launched in the next month.
I bought my Nexus 6 smartphone which comes with the latest android lollipop from Delhi.
This app is made by the company Gameloft.
iOS 8 is the eighth major release of the iOS mobile operating system designed by Apple Inc. as the successor to iOS 7.
The best price of Samsung Galaxy Grand 2 in India is Rs. 16009.
Windows Phone 8.1, codenamed 'Blue', is the latest update to the Microsoft Windows Phone operating system. 
Apple is the leader in Smartphone market
Lollipop is the new version Android
What is the price of iphone 6?
What is the name of the OS released by Mozilla?
Other than Samsung which is the best smartphone in the market?
Where is the data of a particular app is stored with size greater than 10MB?
When was the new iOS launched that is suitable for iphone 6? 
Other than temple run which is the app that hangs on Samsung note?
Wher is the headquarters of Samsung located?
Other than Asphalt which app has size greater than 1GB
Apple is located in USA.
I dont think Android efficiently uses huge data from the RAM.
Is iphone 6 is good?
When was iphone 6 released with screen size 6?
When was iphone 6 series released?
When was iOS 8 released for iphones?
Does Asphalt runs on Moto g?
Which is the app that is now trending?
What is the price pf iphone6?
Galaxy is the flagship product of Samsung.
Smartphones have revolutionized the modern world.
This new Taala is really helpful.
The Lumia 920 is really nice
I bought this tile on Monday for Rs. 22 in Bangalore.
Bangalore is not that green any more.
Would you go out with me tonight?
Yesterday I got placed in Microsoft working for the Windows division.
The XIOMI phones just cost around 6k.
Yesterday they changed the name of all Lumia phones in Nokia.
Microsoft is good.

Windows 8 is brilliant.
The nearest starbucks in jpnagar.
The bill costed him 28k.
The new launcher from Yahoo costs 99 cents now.
Windows is a great operating system.
Tomorrow is a big day for me.
Tomorrow they are going to release the Windows 10 which is of size 5 GB.
Ubuntu 14.04 is just 700 MB.
I like smartphones because they simplify my life.
Android Lollipop has a new Inbox App.
I want to purchase a phone within Rs. 10,000
Is there a phone with specifications similar to that of Moto E but with a front camera also.
What is the price difference between Moto E and Moto G?
What motorola phones are available in the price range of Rs 5000 to Rs 15000?
How much does iPhone 6 cost?
What is the latest model of HTC desire?
Does HTC Desire A8181 have dual sim capability?
Can you suggest phones with a good camera?
What are the 4G enabled phones available in India?
Does Samsung Galaxy trend have a front camera?
What are the phones releasing next year?
Show me the latest xiaomi.
Does This Phone run Android 4.4?
what phones other that iPhone use nano sims?
What android phones use a nano-sized sim card?
Does Samsung Galaxy Tab use a micro sim?
How much expandable memory does Sony Xperia M2 have?
How much did Samsung Galaxy Note 2 Cost last year?
Does WhatApp still work on 7 inch tablets like Samasung Galaxy tab 2?
Does WhatApp still work on 7 inch tablets like Samasung Galaxy tab 2?
Does WhatApp still work on 7 inch tablets like Samasung Galaxy tab 2?
Does the Samsung Galaxy Grand sold in India run Android 4.4 ? 
What was the best price for the HTC Desire 816 in 2013?
What is the price of the Samsung Galaxy Tab 3 7 inch tablet?
Does the iPhone 4S support iOS 8?
What is the best price for the Samsung Galaxy Grand?
Are Samsung phones that support 4G available in India?
What Nokia phones can I get within Rs 15000?
Does the Moto X support Android 4.4?
Does the Nexus 7 7 inch tablet support Android L?
Keep is an app released by Google located at California
iOS 8.1 update is 1.8 GB in size
Samsung galaxy alpha is sold at 39000 INR
Inbox is a beautiful new app by Google
Nexus 6 is a 6" screen phone
Moto E is best phone under 10k
Keynote is an iOS exclusive app
Best phones are between 10k and 15k
Motorola nexus 6 is released at 44k 
Moto g released on 20/09/14 for 13000 INR
Timely is a beautiful app
Samsung galaxy Note 4 is a 6" phone
HTC Desire V is sold at Rs 20000
iPhone 6 is a 5 inch phone sold at 60k
Smart phone is the future
Sony xperia z3 released during May
Galaxy series by samsung is pretty famous
Android is very customizable
Android 5.0 looks beautiful
OS X Yosemite 12.0 released for 8k
Play Music app by Google is currently not available in India
Android 5.0 runs smoothly on 7 inch tablet
which is the best 3G android mobile under rs. 5000 ?
Nokia X Vs Nokia lumia 630 Which is the best mobile to buy?
can you suggest me a android phone of size 6'' under rs 15000 ?  
should i opt for a bigger screen size or better display
i need a 5" android smartphone
i need an android smartphone with 720p display and below 15000
can you suggest me some android phone under 20000
 a smartphone with at least 13mp camera but less than 20000
moto x2 or xiomi mi4
which all phones have a ram of 3gb
where is motorolla headquaters located
nexus 5 or xiomi mi3
phone with a minimum of 20000
does moto g support nfc
does moto g2 support nfc
does nexus 5 has a heart rate sensor
should i go for A slim phone or a light phone
WINDOWS or mozilla os
do you have galaxy note 3
can i get moto g delivered in bangalore
can you suggest a good smartphone with quad-core processor and below 18000
what should i opt for a good front camera or a good back camera
when will xiomi mi4 come to india
I'm planning to buy Moto-X 2 by the end of this month
Why does Apple focus on making phones slimmer, they must focus on improving battery life!
HTC One M8 is my daily driver
Narendra Modi uses iPhone 5S
Android 5.0 is nick named Lollipop, i wonder next version will be Mint
This time Moto-X 2 got the first Android 5.0 update rather than Nexus phones
I love LG G2, it has such a nice hardware build quality but a bad User Interface
LG G3 has a QHD/1440p 5.5 inch display, but it is as light and small as a 5" phone. And it has 3GB of RAM and the latest processor
While I may not be interested in buying the Samsung Galaxy Note 4, I am interested in what specs it will have
I just got world of goo free from amazon app store
Aquos Crystal Smartphone from Sharp is a 5-inch, bezel-less Android handheld worth just $149
Moto G is the best budget phone in its category
I'm planning to put custom paranoid android rom on my LG G2
Mailbox is the best replacement for Gmail
Material design is Google's next big leap in its Android division.
I hope to join Apple's WWDC next year at Cupertino on its next big launch!
OnePlus One is the best Android Smartphone, especially for developers like us
I just earned Rs 10000 by creating apps for iOS, Android using PhoneGap
The NFC Chip in the new iPhone is only good for apple pay for now
You must try Amazon app store, you get free apps everyday but it is not available on Google Play Store
I don't have PhotoSphere on my Moto G, it needs Gyro Sensor
Recently purchased the new iPhone 6 Plus, scared of bendGate problem
The nexus runs android L
Samsung released the alpha in November
I like the Nexus 5
Angry birds , released in 2011, runs smoothly on nexus
The Nokia lumia with 8.1 costs less than 10000
Nokia released a phone priced at 5000 in January
I like the android 4.4
Unblock me runs in the lumia phones which are less than 10000
The lumia 5 inch phone is inconvenient
In December, a Nexus with Lollipop will be released
Nokia plans to bring the 8.1 to India
Android phones bigger than 5 inches are priced over 20000
I love Bangalore
I like android
The iPhone was released in 2012
Android is the best
Smartphones these days are as cheap as 3000
The 6 inch lollipop phone costs more than 40k
Motorola phones are priced over 15000
Android 4.0 is superior to Android 2.3
Is android L Sony phone available in bangalore?
What are the new  features of Android L?
Is Sony Experia with screen size 5'' available?
Any new updates by Karbonn Smartphone?
Is there any HTC phone that runs Temple Run  within Rs 10000
Is there any Sony windows phone?
Will I get android L update next week?
Will Temple Run work in the Sony phone being released next week?
Android or Windows?
What will be the price of nexus 7?
when is iphone 6 releasing?
Is Samsung Galaxy S2 6"?
Update of whatsapp on new Android phone is cool.
Will I get my Android phone Samsung S5 repaired in next week
Is Samsung Galaxy S3 available?
When will I get my ios 8 update?
Will Apple release its phone in India next week?
Is Samsung Galaxy S3 available?
Will the app AutoID  work in  bangalore?
I got my first update of Whtaspp  for Samsung galaxy S4 in bangalore 
How much does a Moto X phone cost in India?
Does Angry Birds app run on Gingerbread OS in Android?
What's the screen size of Samsung Galaxy Note 2
Is 6" the maximum size in Samsung smartphones?
Is there an Apple iPhone which costs less than 40K?
Where can I buy the latest Apple iPhone 5 in India?
Is there a Samsung phone under 5K?
Does Samsung Galaxy Y run ICS?
I love phones in Samsung Galaxy series
Does facebook work in android nexus 6 released in october running kitkat ?
Is the samsung translator app only in galaxy series? 
Has iPhone 5 been released in India? 
What does Flipboard app for android do? 
How do you install Google inbox app? 
Does the Temple Run app cost more than Rs.50 in the market? 
When will iOS 8 be released in India?
Moto X is one of the best smartphones in its range. 
How do i buy iPhone 6 in India? 
The new Motorola phone runs KitKat and is under 15k.
My Moto E runs Android KitKat.
Samsung S5 runs Jelly Bean.
I want an iOS 8 phone for around 20k.
Which are the phones which run Android KitKat.
I want to gift my mother an Adroid KitKat phone next month.
Android on Samsung S5 can run Temple Run.
Many android smartphones today are available within Rs 15,000.
I bought my Motorola Android KitKat at Bangalore.
I own a Samsung S5 phone.
My Samsung phone from Delhi is around 5'' in size.
My Android phone with Whatsapp is priced at Rs. 9,000.
My smartphone is a Samsung Galaxy.
Moto E costs Rs 7000.
My Samsung phone is 4.5'' in size.
My Samsung Galaxy Note runs Temple Run
I own two smartphones.
My phone runs Android KitKat.
Samsung S5 smartphone costs around 25k.
I bought an Android Jelly Bean phone for 15k last week.
When will the new Nexus be available?
What are the latest Micromax devices?
Do you have an Inbox invite for your Moto G?
Which android smartphones have a quad core processor?
I need a SD card
I got the update for gmail this week. 
Smartphones are generally worth 5k as of 2014 
Candy Crush works well on the nexus 5
IOS is more robust than android
Bangalore sells the most smartphones
Mumbai sells most IOS phones 
Clash of the clans works well on andriod
Google's feature phone is the nexus
Android 5.0 will release in November
Moto G has gmail pre installed
Sony makes smartphones
Android OS is very user friendly
Nexus 6 will be unveiled at California in November.
how may i help you?
Android is much cheaper than IOS
The new smartphone launch date at bangalore is in March
Cricbuzz is common among cricket lovers 
